docs(simbridge): update remote-mcdu.md documentation to support QoL changes (#675)
flybywiresim/docs: docs/simbridge/troubleshooting.md

To check this you can look at the IP address the MCDU server has listed in its [main window](#main-window) while starting.

Or check it as described here: [Find your IP address in Windows](https://support.microsoft.com/en-au/windows/find-your-ip-address-in-windows-f21a9bbc-c582-55cd-35e0-73431160a1b9)

In the example above the IP address is `192.168.1.19`.

Your device should typically also have an IP address starting with `192.168.1.x` in this case.

> You can check this in the device's network configuration.

Reviewer: Put these 2 lines back to complement the above information.

Author: Made the copy a little more verbose. 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1619968/201518790-0bcb9a74-dd34-4f5f-878d-1e55f29dd96a.png)

> Your device should typically also have an IP Address starting with `192.168.1.x` in this case. (This is a good way to quickly verify that your remote device is even on the same network.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your device should typically have an IP Address starting with the same three sets of numbers (starting with 192.168.1 in this case). This is a good way to quickly verify that your remote device is even on the same network.
```
